Welcome!
========

My name is Jorge Martínez Garrido and I am an undergraduate aerospace engineer.
After starting my degree I became interested in scientific computing applied to
the aerospace world, in particular to the orbital mechanics field.

However, my programming skills by those days were limited to Matlab till I
decided to learn Python. Today, this is my favourite programming language from
far: it is simple, intuitive, fast and the most important; open-source! Many of
the projects I contribute are coded in this language or highly related to it.
During the last months I been coding also in C. My objective is to extend Python
with this fast and powerful programming language.

After some months, I just discovered the
[poliastro](https://www.github.com/poliastro/poliastro). This discovery
coincided with my first subject on the field called "Introduction to orbital
mechanics", which helped me a lot in both ways. On one hand my contributions to
poliastro were mostly related to documentation improvements and on the other
hand I was able to have a better understanding on the subject.

The original author of the project, Juan Luis Cano helped me a lot during this
process of getting in touch with the package, learning the different software
tools and good code practices. Finally, the project participated in the [Google
Summer of Code 2019](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) for which I was one
the selected students. I am in debt with you, Juanlu!

<img src="https://github.com/jorgepiloto/jorgepiloto/blob/master/porkchop.png" align="right" width="450" height="500">

While working for the GSOC'19, I meet David Criado and Laura González at the
first [Space Generation Advisory Councild](https://spacegeneration.org/) hosted
in Madrid. They proposed me to join [Radian Systems](https://radian.systems/),
a company which provides thermal engineering solutions for your space missions.
Currently I am working in Radian as a software engineer and still contributing
to the poliastro project.

### Favorite research topics

Once you enter in the orbital mechanics and astrodynamics fields, you notice
the big amount of problems and lines of research you can join. In particular,
the ones of my interest are atmosphere modelling together with Kepler and
Lambert propagators. Mission planning, analysis and optimization is has caught
my interest during the last months and good manuals on the field are available
at the library. I wish my final degree project could be related with one of the
previous branches!

### Future plans

I am not sure if will be possible to finish my degree this year or one more
will be required.  But the thruth is that I will continue leraning on the
previous topics, assisting to Python conferences and any other kind of events.
It would be interesting to teach programming to other aerospace engineering
students at university or discover new places around the world while working
from remote.

